today ukrainian border guards with
checkpoint dolzhansky
on the borders of Lugansk and Rostov
areas laid down their arms and in full
the composition went to the territory of Russia
it is reported that their example
followed by other border guards with CAT
red partisan
now these and checkpoints
points are controlled by Lugansk
border militia situation reportage
veronica god getting operational
information the Russian border guards were
forced to shut exit to the side
Ukraine to their colleagues from the checkpoint
Dolzhansky militia nominated
ultimatum after which they became small
groups go to the Russian
side all from sergeants and ensigns
to commanders of divisions according to our
the data is now crossed the officers
Ukrainian Border Guard Service
but they are dressed in a civilian uniform
They say that they are going to rest in Sochi
situation dictates security measures not
precluded clashes undermining
abandoned cars before leaving
place of deployment Ukrainian
servicemen in different ways derive
from building your weapon you can even
see how it happens by
Apparently on the other side there is no
one Ukrainian border guard who
I would now be guarded checkpoint but
refugees continue to go in the direction of Russia
at the border entrance worked almost without
break cars drove into Russia
wagons many people walked almost all with
kids airplanes
after his Ghanaian day was thrown
the bomb it was the peak of everything
when civilians started bombing
throwing of course we have extra children they
this Chechnya
refugees are surprised on that side nobody
does not check documents
well as a green corridor and so I understand in
nothing
nobody there already nobody borderland
no no silence is complete without
checkpoint as if only
that someone had not finished his tea changed clothes
and left here is the passport area
control option enabled maybe even
database preserved but later on
representatives appear in the scene
people's self defense discuss current
tasks start checking documents and
inspect the car the bus and their flow
over time only increases
will drive up the main forces that is, people
who served in the border troops here
how will
proper equipment then everything will be
the rest but for now at the moment yes yes
yes it will work in normal mode total
Difficulties on the territory of Russia passed
about 30 border guards and almost as many
same reservists fear reprisals with
side of the Kiev authorities officers
hide their faces
here
while there are difficulties with the organization
customs work so skipping cargo
militiamen are temporarily suspended
stated that the main purpose of all this
resubordination is the organization
unimpeded border crossing for
civilians
the same humanitarian corridor
which is extremely necessary veronica bowman
tanks to DJs Vladimir Shmakov denis
denis together rostov region ukraine